[Music]
hello you're watching Beauty how-to on
essence calm I'm Nicole Melton your
beauty editor and I'm here with Erika
Dotson co-founder of indie care in Soho
New York City and now we're going to
show you some of the do's and don'ts of
wearing extensions so Erika how us a
little bit about some of the things that
our girl should and shouldn't do when
they're rockin the weave okay so this is
very important so the first thing that
you should do is don't forget especially
if you're transitioning from a relaxer
your going into natural hair
Gabrielle actually is transitioning and
her hair grows rapidly therefore she
should not leave her even no longer than
two and a half months I recommend that
you leave it in no longer than three
months for the majority of us and
basically what you want to do is always
make sure that you go in and wash the
ride your hair
it's always important to do that before
you even put the weave in a deep
treatment moisturizing treatment is key
before putting it in addition to keeping
your hair moisturize what else should we
do okay so another thing that you should
do is make sure that you take care of
that hair in addition to that you have
your edges your natural edges that are
out
so as you against awesome
what about tying the hair up at night
what about some styling options how do
you make your hair go the distance
so there's a really simple way to
achieve this when you maintain your size
you go in and you section your hair
you're actually going to curl your hair
all over you're going to add one step
and you can use a flatiron some people
like to use a flatiron to apply to eat
to the hair and
and then while the piece is still hot
yeah out of flexi rod this is heat take
that flexi rod and you wrap it around
[Music]
close it and you're basically doing a
flexi rod set you're gonna do this all
over the head and then when you take it
down it creates volume now moving for
the next evening all you have to do
section your hair into sections
[Music]
all right so literally within 10 minutes
we've created all of our flex to broad
sections which hires we're ready to go
to bed
so you take a satin bonnet any local
beauty supply store and you
[Music]